Add thread fence tutorial (#562)
alpaka-group/alpaka3: docs/source/tutorial/memFence.rst

With a `scope <..doxygen/namespacealpaka_1_1onAcc_1_1scope.html>`_ you define between which thread hierarchy levels the visibility guarantee applies.

- ``onAcc::scope::block`` for communication inside one thread block,
- ``onAcc::scope::device`` for communication across blocks on the same device.

With an `order <../doxygen/namespacealpaka_1_1onAcc_1_1order.html>`_ you specify the ordering guarantee of the memory operations.

Block-Scope Ordering
--------------------

The first example manages thread block shared data ordering without atomics.
One thread publishes two values in shared memory.
The fence guarantees that the write to ``shared[0]`` becomes visible before the later write to ``shared[1]`` is observed as published.
On a device with API ``host`` and device kind ``cpu`` there is no possibility that wrong values are read because the number of threads within a thread block is always one.
On parallel devices, e.g. a GPU, the ordering guarantee is required.

  .. literalinclude:: ../../snippets/example/180_memFence.cpp
    :language: cpp
    :start-after: BEGIN-TUTORIAL-memFenceBlockKernel
    :end-before: END-TUTORIAL-memFenceBlockKernel
    :dedent:

> The frame extent to start the kernel is set to two.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The kernel start with a frame spec and the initialization of the success flag are shown below.```

    :dedent:

Device-Scope Publication
------------------------

The second example shows the classic producer/consumer publication pattern in global memory.
The producer writes the payload, issues a release fence, and only then atomically sets a ready flag.
The consumer spins on the atomic ready flag, issues an acquire fence, and then reads the payload.
This example intentionally uses ``ThreadSpec`` instead of ``FrameSpec`` because the algorithm needs an exact guarantee
about how many thread blocks and threads are launched.

  .. literalinclude:: ../../snippets/example/180_memFence.cpp
    :language: cpp
    :start-after: BEGIN-TUTORIAL-memFenceDeviceKernel
    :end-before: END-TUTORIAL-memFenceDeviceKernel
    :dedent:

  .. literalinclude:: ../../snippets/example/180_memFence.cpp
    :language: cpp
    :start-after: BEGIN-TUTORIAL-memFenceDeviceLaunch
    :end-before: END-TUTORIAL-memFenceDeviceLaunch
    :dedent:

Used pattern:

- producer: write data, ``memFence(..., scope::device, order::release)``, then atomically publish the flag
- consumer: atomically observe the flag, ``memFence(..., scope::device, order::acquire)``, then read the data

> Practical Advice
> ----------------
> 
> - A fence orders memory operations; it does not make conflicting non-atomic writes safe.
> - Keep the publication protocol simple: payload first, fence second, atomic flag update last.
> - For best performance use ``scope::block`` over ``scope::device`` when block-local visibility is enough.
> - Use the weakest memory order that expresses the algorithm clearly. ``release`` / ``acquire`` is often the right pair for producer/consumer publication.
> - The meaning stays the same across backends, but the runtime cost can differ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Except for the last point (which I also think isn't really helpful), these are general suggestions on using fences and atomics. I think alpaka documentation doesn't need this.
I am for removing this section completely, but am open to other opinions as well.

Author: Offline discussed: we would keep it help less experienced developers a little bit.
